README.md, before:

# Fedora 4 Tests

These shell scripts are meant to be run against a standalone Fedora 4 instance. 

This will create, update and delete resources in the repository. So you may **not** want to use it on a production instance.

Also, this is doing a cursory test. It relies on the response from Fedora and does not verify changes to the RDF.

## Usage

Edit the `config` file and review the default variables to ensure the tests are pointing at your repository. 

Run each/all/any of the test scripts.

## Tests implemented

### nested\_test.sh
1. Create a container
2. Create a container inside the container from step 1
3. Create a binary inside the container from step 2
4. Delete the binary
5. Delete the container from step 1

### fixity\_test.sh
1. Create a binary resource
2. Get a fixity result for that resource

### sparql\_tests.sh
1. Create a container
2. Set the dc:title of the container with a Patch request
3. Update the dc:title of the container with a Patch request
4. Create a binary
2. Set the dc:title of the binary with a Patch request
3. Update the dc:title of the binary with a Patch request

### transaction\_tests.sh
1. Create a transaction
2. Get the status of the transaction
3. Create a container in the transaction
4. Verify the container is available in the transaction
5. Verify the container is **not** available outside the transaction
6. Commit the transaction
7. Verify the container is now available outside the transaction
8. Create a second transaction
3. Create a container in the transaction
4. Verify the container is available in the transaction
5. Verify the container is **not** available outside the transaction
6. Rollback the transaction
7. Verify the container is still **not** available outside the transaction

### version\_tests.sh
1. Create a container
2. Check for versions of the container
3. Create a version of the container (version1)
4. Try to create another version with the same label
5. Update the container with a PATCH request
6. Create another version of the container (version2)
7. Try to delete the current version
8. Revert to the previous version (version1)
9. Delete the newer version (version2)

Commit message:

Updated README, made test script names more consistent.

README.md, after:

# Fedora 4 Tests

These shell scripts are meant to be run against a standalone Fedora 4 instance. 

This will create, update and delete resources in the repository. So you may **not** want to use it on a production instance.

Also, this is doing a cursory test. It relies on the response from Fedora and does not verify changes to the RDF.

## Usage

Edit the `config` file and review the default variables to ensure the tests are pointing at your repository. 

Run each/all/any of the test scripts.

## Tests implemented

### nested\_tests.sh
1. Create a container
2. Create a container inside the container from step 1
3. Create a binary inside the container from step 2
4. Delete the binary
5. Delete the container from step 1

### fixity\_tests.sh
1. Create a binary resource
2. Get a fixity result for that resource
3. Compare that the SHA-1 hash matches the expected value

### sparql\_tests.sh
1. Create a container
2. Set the dc:title of the container with a Patch request
3. Update the dc:title of the container with a Patch request
4. Create a binary
2. Set the dc:title of the binary with a Patch request
3. Update the dc:title of the binary with a Patch request

### transaction\_tests.sh
1. Create a transaction
2. Get the status of the transaction
3. Create a container in the transaction
4. Verify the container is available in the transaction
5. Verify the container is **not** available outside the transaction
6. Commit the transaction
7. Verify the container is now available outside the transaction
8. Create a second transaction
3. Create a container in the transaction
4. Verify the container is available in the transaction
5. Verify the container is **not** available outside the transaction
6. Rollback the transaction
7. Verify the container is still **not** available outside the transaction

### version\_tests.sh
1. Create a container
2. Check for versions of the container
3. Create a version of the container (version1)
4. Try to create another version with the same label
5. Update the container with a PATCH request
6. Create another version of the container (version2)
7. Try to delete the current version
8. Revert to the previous version (version1)
9. Delete the newer version (version2)

### indirect\_tests.sh
1. Create a pcdm:Object
2. Create a pcdm:Collection
3. Create an indirect container "members" inside the pcdm:Collection
4. Create a proxy object for the pcdm:Object inside the **members** indirectContainer
5. Verify that the pcdm:Collection has the memberRelation property added pointing to the pcdm:Object
